Add LocalStack Use case guide (#20890)
docker/docs: content/guides/use-case/localstack.md

- Reduced coupling. Using LocalStack reduces dependency on a live AWS account during the development process. This is particularly useful in scenarios where developers may not have access to all the necessary cloud resources or want to avoid the risks associated with making changes in a live cloud environment. Spending less time configuring IAM (Identity Access Management) roles or policies and more time with the development and testing.

## Using LocalStack with Docker

The [official Docker image for LocalStack](https://hub.docker.com/r/localstack/localstack) provides a convenient way to deploy the LocalStack container on your development machine. It contains the community and open-source version of the [core cloud emulator](https://github.com/localstack/localstack). It’s free to use and doesn’t require any API key to run. You can even use [LocalStack Docker Extension](https://www.docker.com/blog/develop-your-cloud-app-locally-with-the-localstack-extension/) to use LocalStack with a graphical user interface.
In this guide, you will learn how to:

## Prerequisites

The following prerequisites are required to follow along with this how-to guide:

> - [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) 
> - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager)
> - Basic knowledge of Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) 
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager)
- [Python and pip](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- Basic knowledge of Docker
```

    ![Diagram showing the logs of LocalStack that highlights the S3 bucket being created successfully ](./images/localstack-s3put.webp)

## Using LocalStack in development

Now that you've familiarized yourself with LocalStack, it's time to see it in action. In this demonstration, you'll use a sample application featuring a React frontend and a Node.js backend. This application stack utilizes the following components:

- React: A user-friendly frontend for accessing the todo-list application
- Node: A backend responsible for handling the HTTP requests.
- MongoDB: A database to store all the to-do list data
- LocalStack: Emulates the Amazon S3 service and stores and retrieve images.

![Diagram showing the tech stack of the sample todo-list application that includes LocalStack, frontend and backend services ](images/localstack-arch.webp)

## Connecting to LocalStack from a non-containerized app

Now it’s time to connect your app to LocalStack. The `index.js` file, located in the backend/ directory, serves as the main entry point for the backend application.

> The code interacts with LocalStack’s S3 service, which is accessed via the endpoint defined by the `S3_ENDPOINT_URL` environment variable, typically set to [http://localhost:4556](http://localhost:4556) for local development.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code interacts with LocalStack’s S3 service, which is accessed via the endpoint defined by the `S3_ENDPOINT_URL` environment variable, typically set to `http://localhost:4556` for local development.
```

  
   ```console
   $ npm install
   ```

3. Setting up AWS environment variables

   The `.env` file located in the backend/ directory already contains placeholder credentials and configuration values that LocalStack uses to emulate AWS services. The `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` are placeholder credentials, while `S3_BUCKET_NAME` and `S3_ENDPOINT_URL` are configuration settings. No changes are needed as these values are already correctly set for LocalStack.

   > [!TIP]
   >
   > Given that you’re running Mongo in a Docker container and the backend Node app is running natively on your host, ensure that  `MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/todos` is set in your `.env` file.

   ```plaintext
   MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/todos
   AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=test
   AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=test
   S3_BUCKET_NAME=mysamplebucket
   S3_ENDPOINT_URL=http://localhost:4566
   AWS_REGION=us-east-1
   ```

   While the AWS SDK might typically use environment variables starting with `AWS_`, this specific application directly references the following `S3_*` variables in the index.js file (under the `backend/` directory) to configure the S3Client. 

>    ```plaintext

Reviewer: ````suggestion
   ```js
````

   ➜  Network: use --host to expose
   ➜  press h + enter to show help
   ```

   You can now access the app via [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173). Go ahead, and upload an image by choosing an image file and clicking the **Upload** button.

   ![Diagram showing a working todo-list application](images/localstack-todolist.webp)

   You can verify the image is uploaded to the S3 bucket by checking the LocalStack container logs:

   ![Diagram showing the logs of the LocalStack that highlights image uploaded to the emulated S3 bucket](images/localstack-todolist-s3put.webp)

   The `200` status code signifies that the `putObject` operation, which involves uploading an object to the S3 bucket, was executed successfully within the LocalStack environment. LocalStack logs this entry to provide visibility into the operations being performed. It helps debug and confirm that your application is interacting correctly with the emulated AWS services. 

   Since LocalStack is designed to simulate AWS services locally, this log entry shows that your application is functioning as expected when performing cloud operations in a local sandbox environment.

> ## Connecting to LocalStack from containerised Node app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connecting to LocalStack from containerized Node app
```

> Now that you have learnt how to connect a non-containerised Node.js application to LocalStack, it's time to explore the necessary changes to run the complete application stack in a containerised environment. To achieve this, you will create a Compose file specifying all required services - frontend, backend, Mongo database as well as LocalStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have learnt how to connect a non-containerized Node.js application to LocalStack, it's time to explore the necessary changes to run the complete application stack in a containerised environment. To achieve this, you will create a Compose file specifying all required services - frontend, backend, database, and LocalStack.
```

1. Examine the Docker Compose file. 

   The following Docker Compose file defines four services: `backend`, `frontend`, `mongodb`, and `localstack`. The `backend` and `frontend` services are your Node.js applications, while `mongodb` provides a database and `localstack` simulates AWS services like S3.

   The `backend` service depends on `localstack` and `mongodb` services, ensuring they are running before it starts. It also uses a .env file for environment variables. The frontend service depends on the backend and sets the API URL. The `mongodb` service uses a persistent volume for data storage, and `localstack` is configured to run the S3 service. This setup lets you to develop and test your application locally with AWS-like services.

>    ```console

Reviewer: ````suggestion
   ```yaml
````
